Continue consolidating the auth methods for the hub device (#2854)
Azure/azure-iot-sdk-csharp: SDK v2 migration guide.md

- The exponential back-off retry policy has updated parameters and logic.
- Remote certificate validation is no natively longer supported for AMQP web socket connections.
  - The supported workaround is to provide a client web socket instance in the client options.

> - The authentication methods have been consolidated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The authentication classes have been consolidated.
```

> - The authentication methods have been consolidated.
>   - For each method, the separate classes for device and module have been consolidated into a single one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The authentication classes for devices and modules have been consolidated.
```
